# Crowdfunding_ETL

# ETL Mini Project 

## Overview
This ETL mini project focuses on building an Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) pipeline using Python, Pandas, and either Python dictionary methods. The objective is to extract data from provided sources, transform it, create CSV files, design an Entity-Relationship Diagram (ERD) and a table schema, and finally load the CSV data into a Postgres database.

## Files
- 

## Instructions
1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Ensure you have the required dependencies installed, including Python, Pandas, and a Postgres database.
3. Execute the code in the Jupyter Notebook [ETL_Mini_Project_Ibandi_EMhyreHager.ipynb]() step by step to perform the ETL process.
4. Extracts data from the provided [crowdfunding.xlsx]() and [contacts.xlsx]() files.
5. Transforms the data according to specified requirements.
6. Creates CSV files for Categories, Subcategories, Campaigns, and Contacts and put them in an Output foler.
7. Execute the SQL commands in [crowdfunding_db_schema.sql]() to create the necessary tables and constraints in your Postgres database.
8. Generates an ERD and a table schema for the Postgres database. (You may reference the [screenshots]() folder for a step by step)

## Contributors
- Indu Bandi Tulasi: [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/indubt)
- Ezrelle Myhre-Hager: [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/myhre062)

## Reference
- Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.